=== [MAIN BID ATC CLAUSES] ===
1. Generic
OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up
to 25 percent of bid quantity at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to
increase the ordered quantity up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at
the contracted rates. The delivery period of quantity shall commence from the last date of original
delivery order and in cases where option clause is exercised during the extended delivery period the
additional time shall commence from the last date of extended delivery period. The additional delivery
time shall be (Increased quantity ÷ Original quantity) × Original delivery period (in days), subject to
minimum of 30 days. If the original delivery period is less than 30 days, the additional time equals the
original delivery period. The Purchaser may extend this calculated delivery duration up to the original
6 / 8

delivery period while exercising the option clause. Bidders must comply with these terms.
2. Buyer Added Bid Specific ATC
.
अ&वीकरण/

=== [BUYER UPLOADED ATC DOCUMENT] ===
Buyer Added Bid Specific Terms and Conditions

1. Generic

Actual delivery (and Installation & Commissioning) is to be done at Haryana/Tri City Chandigarh/NCR.  The exact locations of consignee will be provided at the time of placement of supply order. The bill will be raised in favour of consignee.

2. Generic

Data Sheet of the product(s) offered in the bid, are to be uploaded along with the bid documents. Buyers can match and verify the Data Sheet with the product specifications offered. In case of any unexplained mismatch of technical parameters, the bid is liable for rejection.

3. Generic

Experience Criteria: The Bidder or its OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)} should have regularly, manufactured and supplied same or similar Category Products to any Central / State Govt Organization / PSU / Public Listed Company for 3 years before the bid opening date. Copies of relevant contracts to be submitted along with bid in support of having supplied some quantity during each of the year. In case of bunch bids, the primary product having highest value should meet this criterion.

4. Generic

Installation, Commissioning, Testing, Configuration, Training (if any - whichever is applicable as per scope of supply) is to be carried out by OEM / OEM Certified resource or OEM authorised Reseller.

5. Generic

Malicious Code Certificate:

The seller should upload following certificate in the bid:-

(a) This is to certify that the Hardware and the Software being offered, as part of the contract, does not contain Embedded Malicious code that would activate procedures to :-

(i) Inhibit the desires and designed function of the equipment.

(ii) Cause physical damage to the user or equipment during the exploitation.

(iii) Tap information resident or transient in the equipment/network.

(b) The firm will be considered to be in breach of the procurement contract, in case physical damage, loss of information or infringements related to copyright and Intellectual Property Right (IPRs) are caused due to activation of any such malicious code in embedded software.

6. Generic

OPTION CLAUSE: The Purchaser reserves the right to increase or decrease the quantity to be ordered up to 25 percent of bid quantity at the time of placement of contract. The purchaser also reserves the right to increase the ordered quantity by up to 25% of the contracted quantity during the currency of the contract at the contracted rates. Bidders are bound to accept the orders accordingly.

7. Generic

Upload Manufacturer authorization: Wherever Authorised Distributors are submitting the bid, Manufacturers Authorisation Form (MAF)/Certificate with OEM details such as name, designation, address, e-mail Id and Phone No. required to be furnished along with the bid number.

8. Scope of Supply

Scope of supply (Bid price to include all cost components) : Supply Installation Testing and

Commissioning of Goods

9. Turnover

Bidder Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the bidder during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the bidder is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria.

10. Turnover

OEM Turn Over Criteria: The minimum average annual financial turnover of the OEM of the offered product during the last three years, ending on 31st March of the previous financial year, should be as indicated in the bid document. Documentary evidence in the form of certified Audited Balance Sheets of relevant periods or a certificate from the Chartered Accountant / Cost Accountant indicating the turnover details for the relevant period shall be uploaded with the bid. In case the date of constitution / incorporation of the OEM is less than 3 year old, the average turnover in respect of the completed financial years after the

date of constitution shall be taken into account for this criteria. In case of bunch bids, the OEM of CATEGORY RELATED TO primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion.

11. OEM

IMPORTED PRODUCTS: In case of imported products, OEM or Authorized Seller of OEM should have a registered office in India to provide after sales service support in India. The certificate to this effect should be submitted.

12. Service & Support

Availability of Service Centres: Bidder/OEM must have a Functional Service Centre in the State of each Consignee's Location in case of carry-in warranty. (Not applicable in case of goods having on-site warranty). If service centre is not already there at the time of bidding, successful bidder / OEM shall have to establish one within 30 days of award of contract. Payment shall be released only after submission of documentary evidence of having Functional Service Centre.

13. Service & Support

Dedicated /toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support : BIDDER/OEM must have Dedicated/toll Free Telephone No. for Service Support.

14. Service & Support

Escalation Matrix For Service Support : Bidder/OEM must provide Escalation Matrix of Telephone Numbers for Service Support.

15. Inspection

Nominated Inspection Agency: On behalf of the Buyer organization, any one of the following Inspection Agency would be conducting inspection of stores before acceptance:

Pre-dispatch Inspection at Seller Premises (applicable only if pre-dispatch inspection clause has been selected in ATC): The joint inspection will be carried out by the indenting department and Hartron.

Post Receipt Inspection at consignee site before acceptance of stores: NA

16. Inspection

Pre-dispatch inspection at Seller premises (Fee/Charges to be borne by the BUYER): Before dispatch, the goods will be inspected by Buyer / Consignee or their Authorized Representative or by Nominated External Inspection Agency (independently or jointly with Buyer or Consignee as decided by the Buyer) at Seller premises (or at designated place for inspection as declared / communicated by the seller) for their compliance to the contract specifications. Fee/Charges taken by the External inspection Agency and any external laboratories testing charges shall be borne by the Buyer. For in-house testing, the Sellers will provide necessary facilities free of cost. Seller shall notify the Buyer through e-mail about readiness of goods for pre-dispatch inspection and Buyer will notify the Seller about the Authorized Representative/ Nominated External Inspection Agency and the date for testing. The goods would be dispatched to consignee only after clearance in pre-dispatch inspection. Consignee's right of rejection as per GTC in respect of the goods finally received at his location shall in no way be limited or waived by reason of the goods having previously been inspected, tested and passed by Buyer/ Consignee or its Nominated External Inspection Agency prior to the goods' shipment. While bidding, the sellers should take into account 7 days for inspection from the date of email offering the goods for inspection. Any delay in inspection beyond 7 days shall be on the part of the buyer and shall be regularised without Liquidated Damages. When there is requirement of submission the advance sample, the seller shall inform the buyer promptly through emails about the date of submission of sample to the buyer nominated Inspection agency.

17. Certificates

ISO 9001: The bidder or the OEM of the offered products must have ISO 9001 certification.

18. Warranty

Warranty period of the supplied products shall be as per technical specification from the date of final acceptance of goods or after completion of installation, commissioning & testing of goods (if included in the scope of supply), at consignee location. OEM Warranty certificates must be submitted by Successful Bidder at the time of delivery of Goods. The seller should guarantee the rectification of goods in case of any break down during the guarantee period. Seller should have well established Installation, Commissioning, Training, Troubleshooting and Maintenance Service group in INDIA for attending the after sales service. Details of Service Centres near consignee destinations are to be uploaded along with the bid.

19. Purchase Preference (State)

Purchase preference to Micro and Small Enterprises (MSEs) from the State of Bid Inviting Authority : Purchase preference will be given to MSEs as Micro and Small Enterprises from the State of Bid inviting Authority whose credentials are validated online through Udyog Aadhaar for that product category. If the bidder wants to avail the Purchase preference, the bidder must be the manufacturer of the offered product in case of bid for supply of goods. Traders are excluded from the purview of Public Procurement Policy for Micro and Small Enterprises. In respect of bid for Services, the bidder must be the Service provider of the offered Service. Relevant documentary evidence in this regard shall be uploaded along with the bid in respect of the offered product or service. If L-1 is not an MSE and MSE Seller (s) has/have quoted price within L-1+ 15 % of margin of purchase preference /price band defined in relevant policy, such Seller shall be given opportunity to match L-1 price and contract will be awarded for percentage of 50% of total value as defined/ decided in relevant policy.

20. Past Project Experience

For fulfilling the experience criteria any one of the following documents may be considered as valid proof for meeting the experience criteria:

a. Purchase Order copy along with Invoice(s) with self-certification by the bidder that supplies against the

invoices have been executed.

b. Execution certificate by client with order value.

c. Any other document in support of order execution like Third Party Inspection release note, etc.

21. Past Project Experience

The Bidder / OEM {themselves or through reseller(s)}, should have executed project for supply and installation / commissioning of same or similar Category Products during preceding 3 financial years (i.e. current year and three previous financial years) as on opening of bid, as per following criteria:

(i) Single order of at least 35% of estimated bid value; or

(ii) Two orders of at least 20% each of estimated bid value; or

(iii) Three orders of at least 15% each of estimated bid value.

Satisfactory Performance certificate issued by respective Buyer Organization for the above Orders should be uploaded with bid. In case of bunch bids, the Category related to primary product having highest bid value should meet this criterion

22. Buyer Added Bid Specific ATC

Buyer Added text based ATC clauses

As per Haryana Govt. MSME/Startup Policy, EMD exemption is only allowed to those

Manufacturing Micro & Small Enterprises(MSEs) (Including Khadi& village Industries/ Units) who have filed Entrepreneur Memorandum in Haryana in respect of the quoted items, participate directly in tender and not through any intermediaries (their dealers/ agents/ distributors), will not subcontract to any other firm and to carry the entire manufacturing at their enterprise. The said MSME Policy is applicable for this bid also for exemption of EMD Fee.

The concessions/benefits/preference to MII (Make in India) are as per Haryana State Public Procurement Policy for MII-2020 issued by Govt. of Haryana, Department of Industries & Commerce vide G.O. 02/08/2020-4IB-II dated 18.11.2020.

EMD can only be accepted in the form of Account Payee Demand Draft and in the form of PBG as per GEM format.

23. Detailed Required Specifications: -

Note: The Technical Compliance and MAF of offered Product should be submitted by the bidder on OEM letter head Duly Stamped & Signed with e-bid No., Mobile No. and email id of signatory. (The documents should be the scan copy of original documents with original ink signature. The Original copy of the MAF to be submitted for Technical Evaluation of the bid.)

S# | Feature | Specification

Function | Print, Scan, Copy, USB

Type of Machine | Multi-Function Machine

Print Technology | Mono Laser

Connectivity | USB

Cartridge Technology | Composite Cartridge

Paper Size (Original/Image) | A4/Legal

RAM size (MB) | 64 or higher

Minimum Speed per Minute as per ISO/IEC 24734 in A4 Size-Mono as per ISO/IEC 24734 in A4 Size-Mono | 18 PPM or Higher

Scanning Feature Availability | Yes

Resolution | 600*600

Each Main Paper Tray Capacity (Number) | 150 or Higher

Duty Cycle (No of Prints/month) | 8000 Pages or Higher

First Page Out | 7.8 Sec or less

Certification | BIS/ ROHS

Warranty | 1 Year